Add form-related slot to User Auth drop-in (#163)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/user-auth/slots.mdx

---
title: User auth slots
description: Learn about the slots provided in the User Auth drop-in component.
---

This topic describes the slots that are provided in the order drop-in component.

[Extending drop-in components](/dropins/all/extending/) describes the default properties available to all slots.

## FormInput_*attributeCode* and SignUpFormInput_*attributeCode* slots

The `FormInput_*attributeCode*` and `SignUpFormInput_*attributeCode*` slots allow you to customize the input fields in the `Form` and `SignUpForm` forms. The value of `*attributeCode*` is a valid attribute code used in the form. For example, a slot named `SignUpFormInput_lastname` would customize the `lastname` input field in the `SignUpForm` form.

> The following example illustrates the usage of the `SignUpFormInput_lastname` slot:

Reviewer: I apologize for any confusion caused. I’m not entirely sure where the root of the misunderstanding lies, but I suspect there might have been an error in my draft documentation.

To clarify, the auth drop-in has only one slot of this type: `SignUpFormInput_*attributeCode*`. There is no `FormInput_*attributeCode*`.

Aside from that, the rest of the documentation and code examples are correct. Thank you for bringing this to my attention!

             alert("You can't use 'test' as a last name");
           }
           handleOnChange(e, errors);
         },
         onBlur: (e) => handleOnBlur(e, errors),
       });

       if (errorMessage) {
         errorContainer.innerText = errorMessage;
         errorContainer.style.display = 'block';
         inputComponent.setProps((prev) => getNextProps(prev, true));
       } else {
         errorContainer.innerText = '';
         errorContainer.style.display = 'none';
         inputComponent.setProps((prev) => getNextProps(prev, false));
       }

       // Make sure that focus stay in input on re-render
       if (document.activeElement === inputElement) {
         setTimeout(() => {
           inputElement.focus();
         }, 0);
       }
     };

     ctx.onChange((nextState) => handleStateChange(nextState));
   },
 },
})(document.getElementById('SignUp'));
```

## SuccessNotification slot

The SuccessNotification slot allows you to display custom content on authentication containers and forms. This slot is useful for displaying success messages after a user successfully performs and action, such as signing in, creating an account, or updating their password.

> The [SignIn](/dropins/user-auth/containers/sign-in/), [SignUp](/dropins/user-auth/containers/sign-up/), and [UpdatePassword](/dropins/user-auth/containers/update-password/) containers can implement this slot.

Reviewer: We can include the following code sample here for better clarity:

```js
provider.render(SignUp, {
  routeSignIn: () => getRoute('#SignIn'),
  routeRedirectOnSignIn: () => getRoute('#AuthCombine'),
  slots: {
    SuccessNotification: (ctx) => {
      const userName = ctx?.isSuccessful?.userName || '';

      const elem = document.createElement('div');

      // Render SuccessNotification container in SuccessNotification slot
      provider.render(SuccessNotification, {
        labels: {
          headingText: `Welcome ${userName}!`,
        },
      })(elem);

      ctx.appendChild(elem);
    },
  },
})(document.getElementById('SignUp'));
```

---
title: User auth slots

> description: Learn about the slots provided in the User Auth drop-in component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the slots provided in the user auth drop-in component.
```

---

> This topic describes the slots that are provided in the order drop-in component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This topic describes the slots that are provided in the user auth drop-in component.
```

[Extending drop-in components](/dropins/all/extending/) describes the default properties available to all slots.

## SignUpFormInput_*attributeCode* slot

> The `SignUpFormInput_`*attributeCode* slot allows you to customize the input fields in the `Form` and `SignUpForm` forms. The value of `*attributeCode*` is a valid attribute code used in the form. For example, a slot named `SignUpFormInput_lastname` would customize the `lastname` input field in the `SignUpForm` form.

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused about the phrase, _"customize the input fields in the Form and SignUpForm forms"_.

The main issue here is that the components you mentioned (`Form` and `SignUpForm`) are not exposed externally. They are used internally within the drop-in containers, and integrators won’t be aware of their existence. Integrators will work with the `SignUp` container and use slots to customize the input fields in the sign-up form provided by `SignUp` container.

I believe the following wording would be more accurate:

```suggestion
The `SignUpFormInput_`*attributeCode* slot allows you to customize the input fields in the `SignUp` container. The value of `*attributeCode*` is a valid attribute code used in the sign-up form. For example, a slot named `SignUpFormInput_lastname` would customize the `lastname` input field in the sign-up form.
```
